News 1: The Fukushima disaster of 2011 was a defining moment for nuclear power. The mega-thrust earthquake and tsunami that damaged the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power complex pummeled the price of uranium, turned uranium bulls into bears, and caused a major rethink of the safety of nuclear power for the first time since the Chernobyl incident 25 years earlier.
News 2:  In 2013 the United Nations Scientific Committee on the Effects of Atomic Radiation published a statement saying that “Radiation exposure following the nuclear accident at Fukushima-Daiichi did not cause any immediate health effects. It is unlikely to be able to attribute any health effects in the future among the general public and the vast majority of workers.”
News 3: The effects of radiation exposure on humans and the environment following the accident at the Fukushima-Daiichi nuclear power plant in March 2011 is one of the major issues being discussed at the Committee's annual session which started on Monday, 27 May. The second important issue is related to the short and long term effects of exposure to radiation on children. This covers medical as well as other kinds of exposure (not specifically related to the accident at Fukushima-Daiichi).
News 4: In May 2013, UNSCEAR reported, following a detailed study by 80 international experts. It concluded that "Radiation exposure following the nuclear accident at Fukushima Daiichi did not cause any immediate health effects." The only exception are the 146 emergency workers that received radiation doses of over 100 mSv during the crisis. They will be monitored closely for "potential late radiation-related health effects at an individual level."
News 5:" Radiation exposure following the nuclear accident at Fukushima-Daiichi did not cause any immediate health effects..." concluded the 60 th session of the Vienna-based United Nations Scientific Committee on the Effect of Atomic Radiation. The effects of radiation exposure on humans and the environment following the accident at the Fukushima-Daiichi nuclear power plant in March 2011 is one of the major issues being discussed at the Committee's annual session which started on Monday, 27 May. 
News 6: On March 11, 2011, an earthquake led to major problems at the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant. A 14-m high tsunami triggered by the earthquake damaged the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power complex. Despite many efforts, cooling systems did not work and hydrogen explosions damaged the facilities, releasing a large amount of radioactive material into the environment.
News 7: On March 11, 2011, an earthquake and tsunami of unprecedented scale led to major problems with the stabilization of nuclear power plants (NPP) in northeastern Japan. It caused a major rethink of the safety of nuclear power for the first time since the Chernobyl incident 25 years earlier.
News 8: On March 11, 2011, an earthquake led to major problems at the Fukushima Daiichi NPP. A 14-m high tsunami triggered by the earthquake disabled all AC power to Units 1, 2, and 3 of the Power Plant, and carried off fuel tanks for emergency diesel generators. 
News 9: As for evidence of higher childhood cancer, as the Breakthrough Institute points out, thyroid cancer rates of Fukushima children are actually lower than those in other regions of Japan.
News 10: Four years after the Fukushima nuclear accident, which catalyzed fears around cancer epidemics and large radioactive exclusion zones, it’s time to take stock of the scientific consensus on the health effects of the reactor meltdown. Increased scanning for thyroid cancer rates of Fukushima children are actually lower than those in other regions of Japan.
News 11: The thyroid cancer rate among children near the Chernobyl plant started to rise four to five years after the catastrophe, mainly because they kept drinking highly contaminated milk and local produce, according to UNSCEAR. But in Fukushima, several studies have confirmed that internal and external exposure levels were indeed much lower than those around the former Soviet power plant, which met a much more violent fate.
