News 1: Guinea finds nine new Ebola cases near border with Sierra Leone. This is one of three countries, together with Liberia and Sierra Leone, that were ravaged by the worst outbreak of Ebola in history. Fighting the Ebola epidemic in West Africa continues.
News 2: The latest World Health Organization update reports continuing mixed picture in Guinea. The percentage of Ebola cases confirmed from registered contacts remained under 50 indicating there are still unidentified contacts. Recently, Guinea finds nine new Ebola cases near border with Sierra Leone.
News 3: The WHO last week said the outbreak still qualifies as an international emergency even though the number of cases has plummeted. Guinea finds nine new Ebola cases near border with Sierra Leone.The Ebola epidemic, which began in December 2013, has claimed 10,572 lives among 25,515 known cases, according to the United Nations health agency.
News 4: Liberia, once the hardest hit country, has reported no new cases since the last patient died on March 27 and was buried a day later. In a statement, the World Health Organization's Emergency Committee said that due to better prevention and control activities across West Africa, "the overall risk of international spread appears to have further reduced since January". But there was "no place for complacency" and the goal remained eliminating the deadly hemorrhagic fever.
News 5: Citing significant gains in fighting the Ebola outbreak in West Africa, U.S. President declared Wednesday that the international goal is to prevent any new cases in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone.
News 6: Despite on significant gains in fighting the Ebola outbreak in West Africa, Barack Obama warned against complacency and said the goal now is to get to zero cases. "Last week, there were fewer than 40 new cases, so we've seen major progress," Obama said.
News 7: Guinea finds nine new Ebola cases near border with Sierra Leone. “Guinean authorities have confirmed at least nine new cases of Ebola in the southwest region of Forecariah near the border with Sierra Leone, the area hardest hit by the year-old outbreak, a senior health official said on Thursday…”
News 8: West Africa's Ebola epidemic still poses a threat to other countries. However, the risk of it spreading internationally appears to be diminishing as the areas affected shrink. The WHO's Emergency Committee said that "the overall risk of international spread appears to have further reduced since January with a decline in case incidence and geographic distribution in Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea."
News 9: Guinea finds nine new Ebola cases near border with Sierra Leone, the area hardest hit by the year-old outbreak, a senior health official said on Thursday. A total of 18 new cases of Ebola were recorded in Guinea last week, according to the United Nations Mission for Ebola Emergency Response.
News 10: A total of 18 new cases of Ebola were recorded in Guinea last week, according to the UNMEER. Guinea is now the country with the highest current number of cases. In the previous week, 21 new cases were recorded, following 57 the week before.As Ebola Deeply's Conakry correspondent reported on Friday, "the road to zero in Guinea is more like a rollercoaster."
News 11: The World Health Organization reassesed the Ebola outbreak in west Africa and concluded that the conditions for a Public Health Emergency of International Concern (PHEIC) remain. This is the fifth time the International Health Regulation Emergency Committee has considered the declaration. They recommend to continue exit screening from Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone although "the overall risk of international spread appears to have further reduced since January". The Ebola epidemic, which began in December 2013, has claimed 10,572 lives among 25,515 known cases, according to the United Nations health agency.
News 12: The Ebola epidemic began in December 2013 but its impact has been felt globally. It has claimed 10,572 lives among 25,515 known cases. It spiked around July 2014 and soon after spread from Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia to Nigeria, Mali, Senegal, the United States, Spain and the United Kingdom. While the latter countries are now free of the virus, the former are yet to fully overcome the epidemic, although their numbers are getting better.
